dude it's honestly so fun like whenever
we scream and and like teams you roll
swaps and stuff and like send random
players botlane and it's like I know for
sure they have no idea what they're
doing they think like oh I know how to
play yeah so we're like I know how to
play Vlad and then they try to lean
against a baleen that knows how to play
baleen and you know it doesn't matter
like it just they don't know what to do
it's the third week of na LCS and I'm
joined right now by doublelift with
coverage presented by Omni slash to talk
about his match against echo fox so take
me through that game because what was
your final score 1109 yeah ended with a
pretty nice score twenty KD a it was a
it was like it's not from level one like
Phoenix Scott autofills bought and he
didn't know where to position a level
one so then he got caught and then all
he had to do was flashed over cons of e
he didn't do it he tried to Juke it like
why and then he died everything possible
that could have went wrong for their
ball and went wrong and they also played
extremely bad around that so they had of
gold funneling strategy and looks like I
was the one who got funneled how long
have you been waiting was that in the
reddit thread that you were just reading
no actually I had a scram we had a
screen where we're doing gold funneling
and I really ran it down and then
afterwards I messed his enemy team and I
was like hey yeah we were still good for
long just the wrong way yeah I've heard
the final you just said it the other way
yeah wrong direction yeah so how did
when did you guys know that game was
done level 1 when yeah so it died and
flew flash yeah that was really bad it's
it's really really bad if you blow flash
as a melee champion botlane at level 1
cuz then like you spend the rest of the
game guessing whether or not you're
getting ganks I usually answer is yes
yeah I imagine whenever they don't have
flash it's a it's a pretty good target
do you are you enjoying these non ad
carry players showing up in your bot
lane dude it's honestly so fun like
whenever we scrim and and like teams you
roll swaps and stuff and like send
random players ball in and it's like I
know for sure they have no idea what
they're doing they think like oh I know
how to play yeah so or like I know how
to play
Vlad and then they try to lane against a
baleen that knows how to play baleen and
you know it doesn't matter like it just
they don't know what to do so let's
let's say this meta stays this way or
you know you can continue to send non
ATS bots when you come to Worlds and you
actually face-off against teams that
will know how to do interesting stuff in
the bottle even without an ad is that
gonna be an issue for you because you
won't have like your it sounds to me
like you think you're playing against
people that don't actually know how to
play that role I'd say like it's way
easier to learn a champion than it is to
learn how to play a role so that's like
a general rule but it's not a hundred
century I think there's some players
that might be able to roll slop pretty
seamlessly it seems like Cooney was
pretty good when he roll swap but I
didn't watch to close the problem is
like at the beginning there is a huge
difference between a player who like
knew how to play mages bottom or like
you wanna play Yasuo and irelia bottom
and those there was such a huge
difference between an ad carrier doing
that and like your top laner your mid
laner you gentle are doing that that the
difference in skill on those champions
kind of like over over Kay more like
surpass the difference of like knowledge
about how to play that role so I think I
was like you play more and more of the
champions that you're supposed to within
your role like for me I like learning
all the different champions bot lane
that are viable now the difference
between like me and Poe belts aren't
impacts on those champions is like a lot
less but there's still a huge gap in
knowledge for them playing ball Lane so
I think like for our team it's
definitely better most of the time for
just like me to man up and learn those
champions than to like just be like
Eugene you're going by and I'm going mid
you know like teams are doing that and I
think it's it works for some teams but
for us like I think it's yeah makes more
sense that way well speaking of that
what did you think of cloud 9 sitting
golden glued to the bot lane yeah that's
a great example that's an Axl amazing
example could sneaky have just played
brand and the difference in kind of like
balling knowledge would be greater than
like the difference in brand skill
individually and all the sneaky fans are
going to probably jack me off after this
but I I think you know sneaky could have
played brand you know he could he could
have play ball in that game and it would
just as good maybe better golden blue
playing balling is kind of likes fanatic
sending their sub top laner blippo to
play balling with Hillis saying instead
of reckless I feel like I feel like some
ad carry's just get really demoralized
because you're like I don't know what
I'm doing anymore and there are games
where I'm really running it down I'm
like going 10 deaths in scrims well we
saw that when you played flat yeah
no you but I'm learning really fast
and I think having the right mindset is
really important like to see it as a
challenge and not just like this huge
obstacle like oh man I just can't wait
until I I can get past this or they
patch this or they fix it or they you
know they like revert the changes but
like that's not probably gonna happen
that's not on your control so you know
just like just adapt that's it but we
don't really just keep playing marksmen
though well yeah but I have been I've
been really really practicing hard on
all the viable champions bot lane so you
know like first week we or maybe it was
a second week you know I think was first
week we lost to golden Guardians and
what yeah with blood and you know I was
playing pretty bad that game and
afterwards I came back in like we
could've given up but instead I just
kinda like double down on how hard I was
practicing on those champs and I feel a
lot better now I'm pretty much ready to
play them on stage okay so at any given
point in time you can pull this out yeah
pretty cool Beltre told me that we
should expect to see some crazy stuff
this weekend at LCS in my interview from
last week but I don't feel like we've
super seen that echovox tried to but
that it just you know crumbled yeah
crazy stuff either looks genius or
god-awful depending on execution they
had a really ambitious strategy and
their players just were terrible that
came like really really bad all tech was
gold funneled and he was probably poorer
than our irelia mid who's just farming
one lane so yeah definitely
execution is is the king right now yeah
what are you your stance I think has
changed you've been a very vocal
conversationalist when it comes to this
patch in this meta your stance seems to
frequently change I see quotes where you
say like yeah this
and then I see quotes where you're like
this is the greatest thing ever and
everybody needs to learn in and shut up
so what where are you today where am i
today uh I wish I didn't make it sound
like I hated the Bott meta in like that
one snippet of the ESPN interview
because that's what I think people think
that I flip-flopped and I definitely
phrased that super badly I think like my
stance has always been that I enjoy like
diversity but I think it's really cool
and I think it's really fun it would be
nice it would definitely be nice to me
if more ad carry's were viable than just
like kind of like three or four or five
ad carry's I wish it was ten ad carry's
that were viable and mages and there was
like and then like a pool of thirty
champion so you can see ballin and I'll
be exciting and you would see a lot more
like kind of interesting crazy matchups
but the thing I don't like and like that
was my that was my critique of Bali and
I guess but it's still good I still like
botlane right now the the thing I really
don't like is gold funneling because I
think it will get to this point where
viewers are literally just gonna turn
off the stream when they see gold
falling because it's so boring it's kind
of like way back in the day there was to
be one there was lane swaps and like the
best strategy to win the game was to do
4b0 lane swaps top laners were level one
at like seven minutes
you send four people at level one or
level two to go like Lane swap and like
do a base race where you're trading tier
two towers sometimes you take an inhibit
our at like six minutes or seven minutes
and like the game was just so
telegraphed and so uninterested for for
like the early game and people hated
that but think of gold funneling as that
same strategy but for 20 minutes it's 20
minutes of kind of like these this duo
running around and interacting with the
enemy team as little as possible that's
their goal that's nourishing so I I
think like that is not good for the game
it's not fun I think the most important
thing is like when you when you like
lose sight of like what a game is it's
supposed to be fun it's not fun to play
with it's not fun to play against so I
was really vocal about that part
I really didn't like joy seeing faker
playing Taric because he thought that
was the best way to win that's really
that's a shame like that's not he's not
having fun the viewers aren't having fun
and that's what it's all about so like
baleen could come to make some changes I
saw Tyler Juan was was pretty he was
pretty emotional
that was hilarious
usually pretty much yeah yeah and I
agree like maybe there could be some
tweaks more ad carry's but overall I
like it well I I stole this time and
you're managers I think ready for you to
go so is there anything you want to say
to anybody out there
yeah just thanks for supporting us I
really you know I love reading the
comments like people have fun watching
our games cuz they think we're hella
good
I think we're alright we're whatever we
have a lot to work on so just like thank
you guys for supporting us and keeping
us motivated and peace out thank you so
much for the interview doublelift
congratulations on the win for everyone
else you can check out the rest my
coverage of all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel I have some
unfortunate news for you guys things are
getting much more financially tough for
me
Omni slash of course does everything
they can they support me it's amazing
but I think you guys might have heard
that last split it was about 20 grand
for a doublelift interview we're now at
35 I don't know how it weighed up so
much in such a short time but I'm now
spending literally thirty five thousand
dollars every time I interview Peter and
by the way he charges another thousand
for every time that he ends up in my
social so if you guys want to help me
out that'd be super cool just subscribe
to the channel like the videos there's
other links in the description you can
check those out thanks so much - a
massage for the support